Added ALT Tags for manage/statistics.rst (#5611)
mattermost/docs: source/manage/statistics.rst

1. Go to **System Console > User Management > System Roles**, then edit the **Viewer** System Admin role. 

.. image:: ../images/edit-viewer-system-admin-role.png

>    :alt: Enable Team Admins to access their team's statistics by going through System Console > User Management > System Roles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: Enable Team Admins to access their team's statistics in the System Console by going to User Management > System Roles, and making changes to the Viewer role.
```

2. Under **Privileges**, expand the **Reporting** section, set **Team Statistics** to **Read only**, then set **Site Statistics** and **Server Logs** to **No access**.

3. Set all other privileges to **No access** to restrict all users with the **Viewer** role to access only the **Team Statistics** page in the System Console.   

.. image:: ../images/restrict-role-access.png
   :alt: Restrict all users with the Viewer role by giving No Access privileges

4. Under **Assigned People**, select **Add People** to assign Team Admins to the **Viewer** role, and enable them to access their team's statistics.

.. image:: ../images/assign-people-to-system-role.png

>    :alt: Select Add People under Assigned People to assign Team Admins to the Viewer role

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: On the Viewer page, specify which users can access the Team Statistics page by assigning specific users the Viewer admin role. 
```
